
A. Reading Comrehension

Faster planes and cheaper flights are making it easier than ever before for people to travel. In the most 'developed' societies, visiting exotic places is a sought-after status symbol. The tourismindustries of both developed and developing countries have recognized this fact and are learning to take advantage of it. There are, however, some problems associated with this new industry. Firstly, there is the increasing crime rate. Some local's tourists as an easy prey because, not only are they in unfamiliar territory and therefore less able to take care of themselves, but also they carry visible items of wealth, such as cameras and jewelry which can be disposed of quickly for profit.
Another major problem is health. With greater mobility comes greater danger of spreading contagious diseases around the world. One carrier returning home could easily start an epidemic before their illness was diagnosed. Moreover, the emergence of many diseases which resist antibiotics is causing scientists to be increasingly concerned about this issue. Also to be considered is the natural environment, which can be seriously threatened by too many visitors. Australia's Great Barrier Reef, for example, is in danger of being destroyed by tourists and  there are plans to restrict visitors to some of the more delicate coral cays. These are just three of the reasons why any country should be wary of committing itself to an extensive tourism development program.

1. Why does the natural environment become one of the serious problem associated with the faster
planes ail cheaper flight? Because ....
a. it easily started an epidemic before their illness was diagnosed
b. it can be destroyed by too many visitors
c. the health problem will increase
d. they carry visible items of wealth
e. it can increase crime rate 

2. Why is the crime rate increasing due to the new industry?
a. Some tourists carry visible items of wealth.
b. The tourists are spreading contagious diseases.
c. The government is planning to restrict visitors to some coral cays.
d. The new industry makes the number of unemployment increase.
e. The tourists come by plane.
3. "One carrier returning home could easily start an epidemic before their illness was diagnosed."
(Paragraph 3) The underlined word means ....
a. found
b. observed
c. identified
d. examined
e. healed

Do you plan to study abroad? Don&#x201F;t hesitate. Welcome to Cambridge University. Cambridge   University, an institution of higher education, is the second oldest university in Great Britain after the University of Oxford. It is located in the city of Cambridge. The University of Cambridge is a system of faculties, departments, and 31 independent colleges. You know, although the colleges and the university are separate corporations, all are parts of an integrated educational entity. The university examines candidates for degrees during their residencies and at the conclusion of their studies.
The colleges provide their students with lodgings and meals, assign tutors, and offer social, cultural, and athletic activities. Every student at the University of Cambridge is a member of a college. Let’s see its academic year. The academic year is divided into three terms of approximately eight weeks each:  Michaelmas (autumn), Lent (late winter), and Easter (spring). Students required to study under supervisor are usually members of the college’s faculties who maintain close relationships with small groups of students in their charge and assist them in preparing for university exams.
4. The author’s purpose of writing the text is...
a. to review a particular education system
b. to commemorate a particular college
c. to define a particular academic year
d. to explain a particular way to study
e. to describe a particular institution

5. Which of the following statements is TRUE?
a. The academic year is held in four seasons in a year.
b. Students in colleges are not members of the university
c. Students must not be in their residence during the terms.
e. The students of Cambridge University have holidays in summer.
e. University of Oxford is younger than University of Cambridge.

B. Structure Expression

6. The new emploees are furious .... the news about their delayed salary.
a. Receiving
b. Received
c. To receive
d. Receive
e. Received to

7. .... Airlangga University has a well-respected medical school.
a. As university
b. As public university
c. As the university
d. As a public university
e. As public the inuversity

8. Geysers have often been compared to volcanoes .... they both emit hot liquids from below the Earth's surface.
a. due to
b. because
c. in spite of
d. regardless of
e. 

9. The greenhouse effect occurs .... heat radiated from the Sun.
a. when does the Earth’s atmosphere trap
b. does the Earth’s atmosphere trap
c. when the Earth’s atmosphere traps
d. the Earth’s atmosphere traps
e. 

10. Experiments .... represent a giant step into the medicine of the future.
a. using gene therapy
b. use gene therapy
c. they use
d. gene therapy uses
e. 

C. Vocabulary 
   Part A.
 I recently took a trip to New Hampshire and had what I would call my first genuine (1) .... hiking up a mountain. I’ve gone up hiking before but this was without a doubt the best experience of my life. My friend, Sean and Madeline (2) .... some pictures during the trip. We need 2 hours straight before we reached the summit. The storm clouds were heading right toward us and you could actually see the rain falling from the cloud. It was like a wall of water moving at an alarmingly (3).... pace ready to engulf us.

11. ………………
a. experience.
b. influence
c. experiment
d. expedition
e. independence

12. ………………
a. broke
b. bought
c. brought
d. took
e. put

13. ………………
a. wide
b. strong
c. long
d. bright
e. fast

   Part B.
14. Mr. Young looked at my first two printouts and  ———– to the conclusion that I was arguing for Method A. In reality though, I think Method B is better.
a. jumped
b. ran
c. drew
d. pulled
e.
 
15. Almost everybody takes a very strong interest —— her method of raising her rowdy children.
a. in
b. with
c. on
d. at
e.
